Update prerequisites.md (#123341)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/servers/prerequisites.md

* Ubuntu 16.04, 18.04, 20.04, and 22.04 LTS
* Windows 10, 11 (see [client operating system guidance](#client-operating-system-guidance))
* Windows IoT Enterprise
* Windows Server 2012, 2012 R2, 2016, 2019, and 2022
  * Both Desktop and Server Core experiences are supported
  * Azure Editions are supported on Azure Stack HCI

The Azure Connected Machine agent hasn't been tested on operating systems hardened by the Center for Information Security (CIS) Benchmark.

> ## Limited Support operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limited support operating systems
```

> The following operating system versions have **limited support**. In each case, newer agent versions will not support these operating systems.  The last agent version which supports that operating system is listed, and newer agent releases will not be made available for that system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operating system versions have **limited support**. In each case, newer agent versions won't support these operating systems.  The last agent version that supports the operating system is listed, and newer agent releases won't be made available for that system. 
```

> The listed version will be supported until the **End of Arc Support Date**. If critical security issues are identified which affect these agent versions, the fixes may be backported to the last supported version, but new functionality or other bug fixes will not be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The listed version is supported until the **End of Arc Support Date**. If critical security issues are identified that affect these agent versions, the fixes can be backported to the last supported version, but new functionality or other bug fixes won't be.
```

| Operating system | Last supported agent version | End of Arc Support Date | Notes |
| -- | -- | -- | -- | 

> | Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 | 1.39 [Download](https://download.microsoft.com/download/1/9/f/19f44dde-2c34-4676-80d7-9fa5fc44d2a8/AzureConnectedMachineAgent.msi)  | 3/31/2025 | Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 reached End of Support in January 2020. See: [End of support for Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2](/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-server-eos-faq/end-of-support-windows-server-2008-2008r2) | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 | 1.39 [Download](https://download.microsoft.com/download/1/9/f/19f44dde-2c34-4676-80d7-9fa5fc44d2a8/AzureConnectedMachineAgent.msi)  | 3/31/2025 | Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 reached End of Support in January 2020. See [End of support for Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2](/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-server-eos-faq/end-of-support-windows-server-2008-2008r2). | 
```

> | Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 | 1.39 [Download](https://download.microsoft.com/download/1/9/f/19f44dde-2c34-4676-80d7-9fa5fc44d2a8/AzureConnectedMachineAgent.msi)  | 3/31/2025 | Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 reached End of Support in January 2020. See: [End of support for Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-server-eos-faq/end-of-support-windows-server-2008-2008r2) | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1 | 1.39 [Download](https://download.microsoft.com/download/1/9/f/19f44dde-2c34-4676-80d7-9fa5fc44d2a8/AzureConnectedMachineAgent.msi)  | 3/31/2025 | Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 reached End of Support in January 2020. See: [End of support for Windows Server 2008 and Windows Server 2008 R2](/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-server-eos-faq/end-of-support-windows-server-2008-2008r2) | 
```
